Flowers delivery in Kiev
What do you think what would be remembered the most on an important day for you or someone else? The most bright and precious memories are the details that made this day or event more colorful and joyful for you, and those amazing emotions that you felt at the same time. The best and sometimes even the only way to create the "right" mood is to buy flowers in an online store with delivery. Such touching and living gift is able to give to your addressee the most bright impressions and sincere emotions.

Believe me, don't look for something that could replace the living flowers, because nothing can replace them, it is impossible. It is unlikely that something else, even a very expensive gift, is able to evoke such strong and sincere feelings as bouquet of flowers which has just been collected. Because it is not just a gift, it is mood which the guest of honor will have for a long time and later this mood will become an amazing and warm memory. You must agree that it means a lot and we can't buy or replace it.

Online store of the living flowers - we give your a mood
Our online flower store in Kiev does everything possible to make your celebration a success, and the guest of honor could receive from you a bouquet when you want it. We deliver the flowers that you choose to any address you specify, whether it is the place where your addressee lives, the office where he works, the cafe or the restaurant in which the celebration happens.

We send your chosen the living flowers around the city by a professional and always attentive courier who will deliver your gift in the best possible way, and hand it to your addressee with all possible courtesy.

Our flower delivery service is a well-coordinated and developed to automatisity work of the best specialists in their area which guarantees to you and your dear addressee a gift delivered on time and a great mood!

To order flowers with delivery in our store is fast and easy!
The order in our store and the delivery in Kiev are very simple and convenient. When you choose beautiful flowers for your loved one from our large catalog you will feel sincere pleasure. For your additional convenience, all available flowers are divided into several categories, among which it will be easier for you to navigate when you are choosing a gift.

You always have the opportunity to order a delivery of flowers inexpensively on the day of the order, and if you have desire - on any another day. We pride ourselves that our express delivery of flowers is delivery for the minimum possible time, namely: we deliver flowers during one hour, author's composition - during two hours. It's very fast in a large city, and we are sure that your addressee and you will appreciate such speed!

Where to buy the living flowers?
Online flower store STUDIO Flores - this is the most convenient place for ordering floristic gifts online. Our catalog contains only fresh plants and the most beautiful flowers you can imagine. The skillful and caring hands of our beloved florists who convey in each composition a piece of their soul and their mood make them even more beautiful. You can choose from the options which are in the catalog or leave your own desired option to order, which our florists will implement happily.

For each customer who we appreciate and love, we have prepared many pleasant surprises, particulary: numerous bonuses and discounts, beneficial shares, the possibility of free delivery and gift to every order. We want that every day is filled with beauty and love, and we work for it!